docs: add n8n guide (#3510)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/n8n-neon.md

---

> title: Build an AI knowledge base chatbot grounded on your docs with n8n and Neon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Build an AI-powered knowledge base chatbot using n8n and Neon Postgres
```

> subtitle: A step-by-step guide to creating an AI-powered internal knowledge base chatbot using n8n, Google Drive, and Neon Postgres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: A step-by-step guide to creating an AI-powered knowledge base chatbot using n8n, Google Drive, and Neon Postgres
```

author: dhanush-reddy
enableTableOfContents: true
createdAt: '2025-05-27T00:00:00.000Z'
updatedOn: '2025-05-27T00:00:00.000Z'
---

> This guide demonstrates how to build a powerful **AI-powered internal knowledge base chatbot** using **n8n** and **Neon**. n8n is a low-code platform that allows you to connect various applications and services, enabling you to automate complex processes through a visual workflow editor. In this guide, we'll specifically use it to orchestrate the integration between **Google Drive**, **Neon Postgres**, and **Google Gemini** to create a chatbot that can answer questions based on your documents stored in Google Drive. Neon will be used as a vector store to index and retrieve document chunks, while Google Drive will serve as the source of your documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to build a powerful **AI-powered internal knowledge base chatbot** using **n8n** and **Neon**. n8n is a low-code platform that allows you to connect various applications and services, enabling you to automate complex processes through a visual workflow editor. In this guide, we'll use n8n to orchestrate the integration between **Google Drive**, **Neon Postgres**, and **Google Gemini** to create a chatbot that can answer questions based on your documents stored in Google Drive. Neon will be used as a vector store to index and retrieve document chunks, while Google Drive will serve as the source of your documents.
```
